Clarify "QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_PORT" behavior (#2887)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/configuration/environment-variables/queue-mode.md

| `QUEUE_BULL_REDIS_DUALSTACK` | Boolean | `false` | Enable dual-stack support (IPv4 and IPv6) on Redis connections. |
| `QUEUE_WORKER_TIMEOUT` (**deprecated**) | Number | `30` | **Deprecated** Use `N8N_GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT` instead.<br/><br/>How long should n8n wait (seconds) for running executions before exiting worker process on shutdown. |
| `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_ACTIVE` | Boolean | `false` | Whether to enable health checks (true) or disable (false). |

> | `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_PORT` | Number | 5678 | The port to serve health checks on, also the HTTP port n8n worker instances run on in queue mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_PORT` | Number | 5678 | The port to serve health checks on. If you experience a port conflict error when starting a worker server using its default port, change this. |
```
